docs: update-readme (#429)
shopware/acceptance-test-suite: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shopware/acceptance-test-suite.svg)](https://github.com/shopware/acceptance-test-suite/blob/trunk/LICENSE)  

# Shopware Acceptance Test Suite

> This repository remains the source code for the test suite but all guides, examples, and setup instructions is in the [documentation]((https://github.com/<your-org>/<docs-repo>/).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository remains the source code for the test suite but all guides, examples, and setup instructions is in the [documentation](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/plugins/plugins/testing/playwright/)
```

> Feel free to open issues or pull requests here for bugs or improvements related to the test suite code itself.

Author: ```suggestion
Feel free to open [issues](https://github.com/shopware/acceptance-test-suite/issues) or [pull requests](https://github.com/shopware/acceptance-test-suite/pulls) for bugs or improvements related to the test suite code itself.
```
